README.md, before:

# **Game Design Document** #

![Image]()

👾 **GDD Version History**:

| Version | Date | Commit |
|:-------:|:----:|--------|
| 0.0.1 | 16/08/2022 | GDD's draft version |

🎮️ **Name of the game**: Tatako Gemu

👥 **Stakeholders**: @lenacius (a.k.a. Isamu Sato)

# **Overview** #
---
## 📐 **High Concept** ##

### 🗣 Introduction

Tatako Gemu is a game where the player assumes the role of a survival of a shipwreck and now needs to find a way out to the nearest safest place. Of course this task won't be easy to do alone, so gather strengh in numbers with other players and find a way out of this scary sea.

But beware, this isn't a normal sea, many danger lurks around, and a sea being may be sneaking behind your group.

So jump between planks. Shoot cannons at sharks. Unleash the anchor. And fight the Kraken! ... Or not.

May the 7 seas bestow their bless upon you.

### Description

Upon entering a room, you find yourself waiting other players in a boat before the game starts.

When the ammount of players necessary is meet the game starts and you are told the how your ship sank into an unknow part of the sea.

Maybe a kraken attacked! Maybe the captain hit an iceberg! No one truly know how the ship sank.

Innitialy you can view your character on a third view camera and yuor role is gave to you. The player can be the captain, an fisherman or maybe the Kraken's vessel.

You find yourself, lurking in a plank, going away from the ship. You know that you won't last long alone, so you go to get everyone together, back in the ship that didn't sank yet, jumping and swimming from plank to plank.

Uppon reaching the ship again, you find out that the ship has only one escape boat left, and it its on the other side of the ship.

The survivals them decide what they need to do next in order to survive.

Gather resources, find the ship's map, weapons to defend yourself or maybe find the fragments of your power.

Surviving task after task, you kill sharks with cannons. Duel with sea ghosts. And maybe fight the Kraken itself.

So in the very end, you flee from this madness in the darkest sea.

### Main Characteristics

- Random Levels, with different gameplay.

- Third person

- Many roles that the player can assume, each one with their unique abilities.

- A player may become the final boss.

### Genre

Third Person, Party Game, Survival, Action, Social Deduction Game, Multiplayer.

### Plataform

Tatako Gemu will be initially developed for PC.

### Unique Points

Tatako Gemu has a lot of references from wich is based.

It has characteristics like the Role Based gameplay like Among Us, Werewolf and Town of Salem, therefore each role also has a different goal.

The difference between Tatako Gemy

Commit message:

Added Unique Points and Conceptual Art

README.md, after:

# **Game Design Document** #

![Image]()

👾 **GDD Version History**:

| Version | Date | Commit |
|:-------:|:----:|--------|
| 0.0.1 | 16/08/2022 | GDD's draft version |
| 0.0.2 | 22/08/2022 | Added Unique Points and Conceptual Art |

🎮️ **Name of the game**: Tatako Gemu

👥 **Stakeholders**: @lenacius (a.k.a. Isamu Sato)

# **Overview** #
---
## 📐 **High Concept** ##

### 🗣 Introduction

Tatako Gemu is a game where the player assumes the role of a survival of a shipwreck and now needs to find a way out to the nearest safest place. Of course this task won't be easy to do alone, so gather strengh in numbers with other players and find a way out of this scary sea.

But beware, this isn't a normal sea, many danger lurks around, and a sea being may be sneaking behind your group.

So jump between planks. Shoot cannons at sharks. Unleash the anchor. And fight the Kraken! ... Or not.

May the 7 seas bestow their bless upon you.

### Description

Upon entering a room, you find yourself waiting other players in a boat before the game starts.

When the ammount of players necessary is meet the game starts and you are told the how your ship sank into an unknow part of the sea.

Maybe a kraken attacked! Maybe the captain hit an iceberg! No one truly know how the ship sank.

Innitialy you can view your character on a third view camera and yuor role is gave to you. The player can be the captain, an fisherman or maybe the Kraken's vessel.

You find yourself, lurking in a plank, going away from the ship. You know that you won't last long alone, so you go to get everyone together, back in the ship that didn't sank yet, jumping and swimming from plank to plank.

Uppon reaching the ship again, you find out that the ship has only one escape boat left, and it its on the other side of the ship.

The survivals them decide what they need to do next in order to survive.

Gather resources, find the ship's map, weapons to defend yourself or maybe find the fragments of your power.

Surviving task after task, you kill sharks with cannons. Duel with sea ghosts. And maybe fight the Kraken itself.

So in the very end, you flee from this madness in the darkest sea.

### Main Characteristics

- Random Levels, with different gameplay.

- Third person

- Many roles that the player can assume, each one with their unique abilities.

- A player may become the final boss.

### Genre

Third Person, Party Game, Survival, Action, Social Deduction Game, Multiplayer.

### Plataform

Tatako Gemu will be initially developed for PC.

### Unique Points

Tatako Gemu has a lot of references from wich is based.

It has characteristics like the Role Based gameplay like Among Us, Werewolf and Town of Salem, therefore each role also has a different goal.

The difference between Tatako Gemu and other games is that the players, aside from not knowing what is the goal of each survival, each survival has unique functions that they can execute.

So the players will need to rely on each other to complete tasks quickly or they will sink before they can even see land.

### Conceptual Art 

The goal is to have an art style more cartoonish than real, a style similar to Fall Guys and Castle Crashers is the goal.
